[VnV Plan] Add appointments system tests (#210)
arkinmodi/project-sayyara: docs/VnVPlan/VnVPlan.tex

\wss{Include a blurb here to explain why the subsections below
	cover the requirements.  References to the SRS would be good here.}

\subsubsection{Appointments}

This section will contains tests covering the ``Appointments'' requirements defined in the
\href{https://github.com/arkinmodi/project-sayyara/blob/main/docs/SRS/SRS.pdf}{SRS}.

\begin{enumerate}

	\item{FRT-BE4-1}

	Control: Manual

> 	Initial State: Customer account got a quote from an auto shop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Initial State: Customer account which has initiated a quote request with an auto shop
```

	Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

> 	Output: A new appointment is created with service details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Output: A new appointment is created with service details linked to the quote
```

Reviewer: Quote should also show the appointment was made right?

Reviewer: Should the shop get the request as output? Does the shop need to accept the appointment? If so, this is an appointment request right? Same for below

	user interface through quotes

	\item{FRT-BE4-2}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Vehicle Owner selects a canned job at an auto shop

	Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

	Output: A new appointment is created with service details

	Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be booked with the canned job details as well as details
	the user entered

	How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	user interface by selecting a canned job

	\item{FRT-BE4-3}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with appointment to be scheduled

	Input: Enters customer information, service request information and selects an available
	appointment time slot

	Output: A new appointment is created with service details

	Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be booked with the details the user entered

	How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	user interface

	\item{FRT-BE5-1}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Customer Account has a service appointment scheduled

> 	Input: Selects an appointment to edit and selects a new available timeslot for the appointment

Reviewer: "Customer selects"... & typo
```suggestion
	Input: Customer selects an appointment to edit and selects a new available time slot for the appointment
```

> 	Output: The appointment booking is updated to the new timeslot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Output: The appointment booking is updated to the new time slot
```

	Test Case Derivation: The user is able to change their appointment to any of the available
	timeslots displayed

	How test will be performed: The tester will go through the user interface to edit an appointment
	booking

	\item{FRT-BE5-2}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account has a service appointment scheduled

> 	Input: Selects an appointment to edit and selects a new available timeslot for the appointment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Input: Shop Owner/Employee selects an appointment to edit and selects a new available time slot for the appointment
```

The user performing the action clarifies and is part of the input

Reviewer: Update for the rest

> 	Output: The appointment booking is updated to the new timeslot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Output: The appointment booking is updated to the new time slot
```
Please fix all time slot spelling

\wss{Include a blurb here to explain why the subsections below
	cover the requirements.  References to the SRS would be good here.}

\subsubsection{Appointments}

This section will contains tests covering the ``Appointments'' requirements defined in the

\begin{enumerate}

	\item{FRT-BE4-1}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Customer account which received a quote from an auto shop

	Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

> 	Output: A new appointment is created with service details linked to the quote. Shop Owner/Employee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Output: A new appointment request is created with service details linked to the quote. Shop Owner/Employee
```

	Accounts will receive the appointment request

	Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be requested with the details the user entered

	How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	user interface through quotes

	\item{FRT-BE4-2}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Customer account selects a canned job at an auto shop

	Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

> 	Output: A new appointment is created with service details. Shop Owner/Employee Accounts will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Output: A new appointment request is created with service details. Shop Owner/Employee Accounts will
```

	Output: A new appointment is created with service details linked to the quote. Shop Owner/Employee
	Accounts will receive the appointment request

	Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be requested with the details the user entered

	How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	user interface through quotes

	\item{FRT-BE4-2}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Customer account selects a canned job at an auto shop

	Input: Enters service request information and selects an available appointment time slot

	Output: A new appointment is created with service details. Shop Owner/Employee Accounts will
	receive the appointment request

	Test Case Derivation: The appointment will be requested with the canned job details as well as
	details the user entered

	How test will be performed: The tester will go through the appointment booking process through the
	user interface by selecting a canned job

	\item{FRT-BE4-3}

	Control: Manual

	Initial State: Shop Owner/Employee Account with appointment to be scheduled

	Input: Enters customer information, service request information and selects an available
	appointment time slot

> 	Output: A new appointment is created with service details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Output: A new appointment request is created with service details
```
